README.md, before:

# DBpedia Spotlight
#### Shedding Light on the Web of Documents

DBpedia Spotlight looks for ~3.5M things of unknown or ~320 known types in text and tries to link them to their global unique identifiers in [DBpedia](http://dbpedia.org). 

#### Demonstration

Go to our [Demonstration](http://spotlight.dbpedia.org/demo/) page, copy+paste some text and play with the parameters to see how it works.

#### Call our web service

You can use our demonstration [Web Service](http://github.com/dbpedia-spotlight/dbpedia-spotlight/wiki/Web-service) directly from your application.

    curl http://spotlight.dbpedia.org/rest/annotate \
      --data-urlencode "text=President Obama called Wednesday on Congress to extend a tax break
      for students included in last year's economic stimulus package, arguing
      that the policy provides more generous assistance." \
      --data "confidence=0.2" \
      --data "support=20"

#### Run your own server

If you need service reliability and lower response times, you can run DBpedia Spotlight in your own [In-House Server](https://github.com/dbpedia-spotlight/dbpedia-spotlight/wiki/Installation). Try our automated setup script for [dpkg](https://github.com/dbpedia-spotlight/dbpedia-spotlight/wiki/Debian-Package-Installation:-How-To):

    wget http://spotlight.sztaki.hu/downloads/dbpedia-spotlight-0.6.deb
    dpkg -i dbpedia-spotlight-0.6.deb
    #Follow the installation assistant
    /usr/bin/dbpedia-spotlight-[language]

#### Build from source

We provide a [Java/Scala API](http://github.com/dbpedia-spotlight/dbpedia-spotlight/wiki/Java%2FScala%20API) for you to use our code in your application.

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/dbpedia-spotlight/dbpedia-spotlight.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/dbpedia-spotlight/dbpedia-spotlight)

## Licenses

The program can be used under the terms of the [Apache License, 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html).
Part of the code uses [LingPipe](http://alias-i.com/lingpipe/) under the [Royalty Free License](http://alias-i.com/lingpipe/licenses/lingpipe-license-1.txt). Therefore, this license may also apply to the output of the currently deployed web service.

The documentation on this website is shared as [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Text_of_Creative_Commons_Attribution-ShareAlike_3.0_Unported_License).

## Documentation

More documentation is available from the [DBpedia Spotlight wiki](https://github.com/dbpedia-spotlight/dbpedia-spotlight/wiki).

Commit message:

Fixing Licence in README file to do not infringe Spotlight dependencies viral licences

README.md, after:

# DBpedia Spotlight
#### Shedding Light on the Web of Documents

DBpedia Spotlight looks for ~3.5M things of unknown or ~320 known types in text and tries to link them to their global unique identifiers in [DBpedia](http://dbpedia.org). 

#### Demonstration

Go to our [Demonstration](http://spotlight.dbpedia.org/demo/) page, copy+paste some text and play with the parameters to see how it works.

#### Call our web service

You can use our demonstration [Web Service](http://github.com/dbpedia-spotlight/dbpedia-spotlight/wiki/Web-service) directly from your application.

    curl http://spotlight.dbpedia.org/rest/annotate \
      --data-urlencode "text=President Obama called Wednesday on Congress to extend a tax break
      for students included in last year's economic stimulus package, arguing
      that the policy provides more generous assistance." \
      --data "confidence=0.2" \
      --data "support=20"

#### Run your own server

If you need service reliability and lower response times, you can run DBpedia Spotlight in your own [In-House Server](https://github.com/dbpedia-spotlight/dbpedia-spotlight/wiki/Installation). Try our automated setup script for [dpkg](https://github.com/dbpedia-spotlight/dbpedia-spotlight/wiki/Debian-Package-Installation:-How-To):

    wget http://spotlight.sztaki.hu/downloads/dbpedia-spotlight-0.6.deb
    dpkg -i dbpedia-spotlight-0.6.deb
    #Follow the installation assistant
    /usr/bin/dbpedia-spotlight-[language]

#### Build from source

We provide a [Java/Scala API](http://github.com/dbpedia-spotlight/dbpedia-spotlight/wiki/Java%2FScala%20API) for you to use our code in your application.

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/dbpedia-spotlight/dbpedia-spotlight.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/dbpedia-spotlight/dbpedia-spotlight)

## Licenses

All the original code produced for DBpedia Spotlight is licensed under  [Apache License, 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html). Some modules have dependencies on [LingPipe](http://alias-i.com/lingpipe/) under the [Royalty Free License](http://alias-i.com/lingpipe/licenses/lingpipe-license-1.txt). Some of our original code (currently) depends on GPL-licensed or LGPL-licensed code and is therefore also GPL or LGPL, respectively. We are currently cleaning up the dependencies to release two builds, one purely GPL and one purely Apache License, 2.0.

The documentation on this website is shared as [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Text_of_Creative_Commons_Attribution-ShareAlike_3.0_Unported_License).

## Documentation

More documentation is available from the [DBpedia Spotlight wiki](https://github.com/dbpedia-spotlight/dbpedia-spotlight/wiki).
